Add walkthrough videos and make guidelines workshop visible (#233)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/guidelines/new-workshops.md

weight: 2
---

> This document is intended to guiding you on how to create new workshops for [Nuevo Foundation workshop project](https://github.com/nuevoFoundation/workshops).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is intended to guide you on how to create new workshops for the [Nuevo Foundation workshop project](https://github.com/nuevoFoundation/workshops).
```

> Please familiarize yourself with [Site Architecture](../site-architecture/) and [Getting Started](../getting-started/) sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please familiarize yourself with the [Site Architecture](../site-architecture/) and the [Getting Started](../getting-started/) sections.
```
